#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-bytype
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Conclusion"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An ICL controller has been developed for controlling a multirotor with unknown
 mass and moment of inertia.
 One of the main contributions of this work is that the developed ICL controller
 can be applied to many types of multirotors of unknown mass without the
 requirement of implementing extra sensors.
 The tracking errors and estimate errors of the unknown parameters were
 rigorously proven to exhibit  asymptotic convergence.
 The stability of the ICL controller was verified in simulations and experiments.
 Compared to the geometric controller, the ICL controller ensures that steady-st
ate errors in 
\begin_inset Formula $Z$
\end_inset

 direction can be greatly reduced thanks to estimated mass.
 On the other hand, the ICL controller can outperform the adaptive controller
 since the adaptive controller cannot guarantee asymptotic convergence on
 the system parameters.
 Accurately estimating the system parameters using an ICL controller requires
 less human intervention before the flight and is thus crucial to achieving
 autonomous flight.
 The measurement noise is also an important factor in estimating the system
 parameters since it can cause the regression matrices to be less accurate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Future work will include extending the current study to estimate other parameter
s of the multirotor, such as off-diagonal elements in the inertia matrix
 and the center of mass.
 Estimating the parameters online will avoid the need for an offline measurement
 procedure.
 Moreover, the stability of the multirotor system can still be ensured even
 when the geometric and inertia parameters are unknown.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
